README.md, before:

# Rollup Obfuscator

[![](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/rollup-obfuscator?label=Latest%20Version&style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&color=informational)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/rollup-obfuscator)

A plugin to obfuscate javascript for rollup & vite based on [javascript-obfuscator](https://www.npmjs.com/javascript-obfuscator)

# Install

```
npm install -D rollup-obfuscator
```

# Use

```js
import { obfuscator } from 'rollup-obfuscator';

...
plugins: [
    ...
    obfuscator()
    ...
]
...
```

# Config

All config options can be found [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/javascript-obfuscator) and are passed into the obfuscator plugin like this:

```js
obfuscator({
    // options
})
```

You can also pass in the following additional options:

- `include` - A [FilterPattern](https://github.com/rollup/plugins/blob/master/packages/pluginutils/types/index.d.ts#L23) of files to include. By default only allows js/ts files

- `exclude` - A [FilterPattern](https://github.com/rollup/plugins/blob/master/packages/pluginutils/types/index.d.ts#L23) of files to exclude.

# Support

-   Join the [discord](https://discord.gg/2Vd4wAjJnm)
-   Create a issue on the [github](https://github.com/ghostdevv/rollup-obfuscator)

Commit message:

feat: ignore node modules by default

README.md, after:

# Rollup Obfuscator

[![](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/rollup-obfuscator?label=Latest%20Version&style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&color=informational)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/rollup-obfuscator)

A plugin to obfuscate javascript for rollup & vite based on [javascript-obfuscator](https://www.npmjs.com/javascript-obfuscator)

# Install

```
npm install -D rollup-obfuscator
```

# Use

```js
import { obfuscator } from 'rollup-obfuscator';

...
plugins: [
    ...
    obfuscator()
    ...
]
...
```

# Config

All config options can be found [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/javascript-obfuscator) and are passed into the obfuscator plugin like this:

```js
obfuscator({
    // options
})
```

You can also pass in the following additional options:

- `include` - A [FilterPattern](https://github.com/rollup/plugins/blob/master/packages/pluginutils/types/index.d.ts#L23) of files to include. By default only allows js/ts files

- `exclude` - A [FilterPattern](https://github.com/rollup/plugins/blob/master/packages/pluginutils/types/index.d.ts#L23) of files to exclude. By default ignores node_modules

# Support

-   Join the [discord](https://discord.gg/2Vd4wAjJnm)
-   Create a issue on the [github](https://github.com/ghostdevv/rollup-obfuscator)
